feat(routes): add support for the times option (#8399)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/api/class-browsercontext.md

handler function to route the request.

### option: BrowserContext.route.times
- `times` <[int]>

> How often a route should be matched. By default it will match every time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How often a route should be used. By default it will be used every time.
```
